Docsp 27977 - documents stage (#334)
mongodb/docs-java: source/fundamentals/builders/aggregates.txt

   :language: java
   :dedent:

Documents

> ---------

Reviewer: Q: Is this new feature significant enough to be at the top of the page, even before match and project?

Author: Good question. My reasoning was that when this stage it's used, it will be the first in the pipeline. But I'm happy to move it down if you don't find that reason compelling.

Reviewer: I think that match will likely still be the first stage for most users use cases... maybe this can go after project so it's near the top but not first. But up to you!

Use the ``documents()`` method to create a
:manual:`$documents </reference/operator/aggregation/documents/>`

> pipeline stage that returns literal documents from query values.

Reviewer: Q: What is a "query value"? I noticed that the manual page refers to these as input values.

Author: That's...strange. I thought I copied the text directly from the manual. Changed.

.. important::

>    If you use the ``$documents`` stage in an aggregation pipeline, it must be the first 
>    stage in the pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you use a ``$documents`` stage in an aggregation pipeline, it must be the first 
   stage in the pipeline.
```

The following example creates a pipeline stage that creates 

> sample documents with a ``"title"`` field: 

Reviewer: I: elsewhere on the page, field names are not in quotes

S:
```suggestion
sample documents with a ``title`` field: 
```

Author: Good catch!

.. literalinclude:: /includes/fundamentals/code-snippets/builders/AggBuilders.java
   :start-after: // begin documents
   :end-before: // end documents
   :language: java
   :dedent:

.. tip::

   If you use the ``documents()`` method to provide the input to an aggregation pipeline, 

>    you can call the ``aggregate()`` method on a database object rather than on a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   you can call the ``aggregate()`` method on a database instead of on a 
```

   :dedent:

Documents
---------

Use the ``documents()`` method to create a
:manual:`$documents </reference/operator/aggregation/documents/>`
pipeline stage that returns literal documents from input values.

.. important::

   If you use a ``$documents`` stage in an aggregation pipeline, it must be the first 

>    stage in the pipeline.

Author: This is based on a sentence in [this Google doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yRcAcMUJysh4B-OMUDp2XsjgPgozYj7Mo2PwfepTC_U/edit#). Did I interpret it correctly?

Reviewer 2: This is correct.

The aggregation must also run on the database, rather than on a specific collection. This is called the [aggregation level](https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-java-driver/commit/dee0358bff6bae9b65371a0967180bd342260245#diff-cb241c9477e484cb6edcd5e8e0df80078e9a94f813167089bdc5c7f1d79e1dd7R289), but practically it means that one must use:

            mongoClient.getDatabase("dbName").aggregate(...);

rather than:

            mongoClient.getDatabase("dbName").getCollection("cName").aggregate(...);

The following example creates a pipeline stage that creates 
sample documents with a ``title`` field: 

.. literalinclude:: /includes/fundamentals/code-snippets/builders/AggBuilders.java
   :start-after: // begin documents
   :end-before: // end documents
   :language: java
   :dedent:

.. tip::

   If you use the ``documents()`` method to provide the input to an aggregation pipeline, 
   you can call the ``aggregate()`` method on a database instead of on a 

>    collection.

Reviewer 2: (Ah, I see that you do mention what I stated in an earlier comment.)

Consider whether this is a tip, since this is not just a "you may/can", but a "you must", like the "must be first" requirement (iirc, an error is produced if $documents is used with a collection).

Author: I wasn't aware this was a requirement rather than an option. Updated to an Important box.
